You're going to stand up to this kick, Du Chen
Your brother knew he was wrong.
Just forgive him
Ok if his life
Gotta get something for it
There is a new club entertainment under the consortium.
Then he can change your brother's head office, right?
Future live broadcast industry novelty
That's the beauty of making money lying down
Sure, but I have one more condition.
He had to get on his knees and kowtow and apologize.
Du Chen, you are dreaming
Okay, Du Chen flies far
You go and give him the company tomorrow
What wedding entertainment is my hard work
How can it be worth more than ten billion?
You don't even listen to me now, do you?
Yes
Hey Du Feiyun
Have you forgotten?
Are you going to kneel and kowtow to me and apologize?
Luo Chen, I am also the young master of the Du family, you are not cheating
Then I'll call until you fulfill it.
Du Chen stop me
I'm going to ask you one last time.
To kneel or not to kneel?